v0.8.0 release (#26)
nerves-hub/nerves_hub_link: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.8.0

* `nerves_hub_cli -> 0.10.0` - This decouples the CLI from the deprecated `:nerves_hub`
lib and frees this lib to do the same. If you are setting `:nerves_hub, org: org` in
your config, compilation will fail until you change it to use this lib key:
```elixir
config :nerves_hub_link, org: org
```
* `nerves_hub_user_api -> 0.6.0`

* Enhancements
  * Updates example app
  * Cleanup and structural changes

>   * Changes where default NervesHub certs are stored and how they are read in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The default NervesHub certificates are no longer stored in the `priv` directory so if you're not
     using them, they won't be included.
```

* Fixes
  * Fixes an issue where a device may get an update message from the server while
  performing an update which would cause things to crash.
  * Fixes path to provisioning.conf

>   * decouples `:nerves_hub` config values - see note above

Reviewer: I think the only real change is the decoupling of config values. Weren't these other changes fixes to unreleased code?

Author: The path to provisioning conf and the issue where device can update while doing an update exist in 0.7.6 which is in hex
